hi everyone this is video reborn this
video shows that the iphone four does
have an antenna issue after the consumer
reports are did an external testing on
it and right now they suggest that the
duct tape is a solution or deep upper
case i would like to prove them wrong
i'm using a bumper case right now and as
you can see that my iphone 4 signal bar
it's only two three and so on sometimes
it goes up and i like to use a speed
test because you can test the
transmission rate on the fly with my
hand blocking the lower left region on
my iphone 4 alright so with the five
bars i am going to do a quick test
without touching the lower left and
without touching anything about antenna
this is an insulated and tanner ok now
i'm going to do a speed test at this
point all right let's start
as you can see the iphone four does have
a very very very excellent speed when
it's at full bars okay foo as like five
bars or full signal off very strong
signal right now is slightly down a
little bit okay let me do the test one
more time okay one more time then now do
my grip of death but it's not really
deaf it's called a grip of attenuation
okay again without touching the antenna
it's the speed comes up not too bad
although the upload speed has slight
issue okay compared to previous and I am
going to see if I'm going to almost
ladies on the table but I can't do that
yet alright i'm just going to touch the
phone like that so even with two bars I
get pretty fast reception and even
faster than four bars because 3g uses
multiple cell towers to do the
transmission okay now this is one bar
right now to test again
as you can see that one or two bar
doesn't really matter the speed just
keeps going around 1.5 megabit per
second or a little bit about 1.5 megabit
per second upload speed is slightly
slower so 273 kill bit per second so
divide that by eight okay it's around 30
kilobytes per second upstream now what
happened if I do the regular way of
holding using the left hand and I think
we should do another test right now and
see what's going on even with a bumper
case okay and look my thumb it's
touching the metal buttons over here so
let's see the result all right now with
my left hand my thumb not touching the
metal buttons and I'm going to do a
speed test as you can see that it goes
pretty fast right looks good right yeah
its good looks normal to me even at one
bar so it turns out that is a TNT signal
issues right maybe most likely it is
AT&T signal issue now let me try to use
my thumb to touch the metal volume
buttons okay and you see the speed
change all right
see that it slows down and once I
release it it goes up see that it goes
up all right again upload speed I can
pause it using my thumb when i touch the
volume button see that all right ok so
the bumper is actually not really
solving the issue this antenna still
needs more insulation especially the
metal buttons here so obviously it
proves that apple doesn't probably
doesn't even know that the bumper case
not totally solving the signal problem
you know I usually hold the phone like
that and with my thumb kind of touching
the volume button and the reception does
attenuate ok or drop all right one more
test again to prove that it's not just a
TNT's network yes you can see that
downloading at full speed ok I have to
touch my see I'm not touching it I'm not
touching it all right touch it it slows
it down and i'll release it goes back up
touch it slows down release goes back up
as you can see and i'm having three bars
right so right now it's not just a st.
no bar it is a transmission problem ok
Apple has really released a design flaw
iphone 4 so if you do not experience
that kind of situation maybe I think you
should try it on a strong signal area
with the bump your case on and try to
thumb touching the metal buttons and see
your speed change not just the bar the
bar doesn't tell you anything all right
now do one more test again alright one
more test and I'm going to leave this
with the bumper case on under 3g network
it's not even moving now let me take off
my hand goes back up again it's
extremely fast what's going on I don't
know hold it back up sink no drops when
I release it uploads fast look at that
upload reaches more than one megabit per
second one more test
with my hand locking a signal my thumb
touching the volume button untouch it
increases speed touch it drops untouch
see that yeah okay one more test without
touching now I'm going to touch the the
power button which is also metal doesn't
really does affect a little bit huh now
check this out